hi I'm Tim premier sabji I and I am NOT
this short reason why I'm walking on the
ground it's because we're testing out
knee pads today these are the hatchet
knee pads we've also got the OE tech and
the HSS so let's get started
okay so let's look at these knee pads in
a little bit more depth I have the HSS
knee pad right here on my knee and I've
left this one on because it's the most
comfortable I like this one a lot it's
got a couple of pros and cons with it
though one of the cool things about it
is that it's the biggest one and so it
actually provides the most protection
it's also very very comfortable I'm just
going to compare the sizes for you here
this is the HSS and this is the hatch
one in my left hand the hatch and the OE
tech ones are about the same size but
this one is huge it almost fits around
my face but anyway I'm one of the
downfalls with the HSS that's kind of
complicated to figure out it has an
elastic strap which is supposed to go on
the top you know this one is adjustable
and it's also elastic e velcro strap
that you loop around this plastic buckle
but before you do that you have to put
these velcro flaps together which in
some cases may or may not fit around
your knee depending on how big your leg
is and so this gets kind of cover
something complex could take a while to
put your kneepads on but once you get
them on and very comfortable because
they are very big and they do have a lot
of padding one other thing i found that
was very confusing about this is the HSS
logo right here that's on the bottom
velcro flap this is actually supposed to
be upside down okay I thought this was
supposed to be on the top the first time
confuse the heck out of me took me about
five minutes to figure this out and the
other thing is that the bottom flap is
or the bottom strap is not adjustable
this is just uh it's either nylon or
cordura strap that has velcro so if you
get these don't look stupid like I did
make sure you got to the top on the top
and the bottom of the bottom below your
knee makes life a lot easier but you
have these are the hatch knee pads that
four sets of $35 airsoft GI com one on
the downfall of this is I only have
these in ACU so if you're looking for
another colleague out of luck my second
favorite ones would probably be these
hatch knee pads and strictly for this
purpose right here it has this quick
release quick attach buckle okay so you
take your velcro elastic strap you
adjust it once and then you're done as
soon as it fits your leg it's got these
quick release buckles right here or
easy also it has about an inch thick of
padding they actually all have about the
same amount of padding but the hatch
ones are very very dense so this
paddings really fern is probably gonna
last longer than the other ones but you
know can't really tell only time will
tell I will let you know though they're
not all of the hatch cinterion knee pads
have this buckle some of them have the
elastic and velcro straps like the only
tech ones do but some of them do I don't
know why half cells I'm under the same
name but I guess that's just the way it
goes huh oh the hatch ones there for
several $24 and they're available in
black tent and OD and the last one up is
the OE techne PES these are the cheapest
ones in 1999 they're available in black
tan ACU and OD so you have the most
color options available with the OE tech
ones these are also very nice hard
plastic shell just like all the other
ones about an inch of padding or so
underneath it and has the elastic and
velcro straps for easy just ability
these are actually pretty small i
recommend these for smaller players
obviously if you're bigger i recommend
the hatch ones because those are the
biggest all right not the hatch ones the
HSS ones but these are definitely what
you want to get in front of budget
they're only 1989 so definitely get
yourself some neat pass from here so
I've GA calm makes getting down and
dirty a lot more fun
I
and crouching rolling around getting
dirty and fun a lot more easy a lot more
easy that sounds retarded what am I in
kindergarten